[Music]
in the woods today
la discovered a charming little land
work
but that sanitary place to bury our pets
and remember them which seems scary but
it's not perfectly natural
just like dying is natural whole town's
been using this place for generations
folks make a kind of ritual out of it
it's not some campfire story so these
are the trees up there they're warnings
the local tribes carved in before they
fled they fear that place there's
something up there something that dates
way back to those woods belong to
something else something that cat was
dead
then bring this things back
I know what you're thinking of doing but
they don't come back the same whose wits
coil you daughter I should never
have shown you that place your child is
not the only thing that will come back
the barrier is broken
we have a second chance
sometimes debt is better
[Music]